This is a Java package that you can use to easily render 3D images of
mathematical solids. It is designed to be easily extensible.

The rendering is accomplished with relatively simple recursive sampling of the
world by tracing of rays.

Utilization of this package requires you instantiate the following:

    1) a jatrace.Camera object

    2) a jatrace.World object

    3) any number of objects in jatrace.bodies that implement the jatrace.Body
        interface

    4) a jatrace.Tracer object

Instantiation of these objects is as follows:
    
    jatrace.Camera constructors:
        Camera(
            Vect position, 
            Vect focus, 
            double width, 
            double height)
            
          creates a Camera object with given position and focal center.
          Window width and height are as specified. Pixels per unit
          default to 100 and window orientation is vertical.
            
        Camera(
            Vect position, 
            Vect focus, 
            Vect orientation, 
            double width, 
            double height, 
            int ppu)
          
          creates a Camera object as the one above but with the specified
          window orientation and pixels per unit.
    
    jatrace.World constructors:
        World()
        
          creates an empty world. You must call the setSky(Sky sky) method
          and the addBody(Body body) method in order to use this object.
        
        World(Body [] bodies, Sky sky)
        
          creates a world containing the specified bodies and sky.
    
    jatrace.Tracer constructors:
        Tracer(World world, Camera camera)
        
          creates a Tracer object with the given world and camera.

Bodies included in the jatrace.bodies directory are instantiated with
constructors specific to those objects. Once instantiated, they can be included
in the world through the jatrace.World.addBody method.

Performing the render is accomplished with the jatrace.Tracer.draw() method.

Write the rendered image to file with the jatrace.Tracer.write(String filename)
method.
